# Git Practice

## Link to [Software Article](https://hackernoon.com/decentralizing-technology-society-and-thought-c59318a8aef9)

The software article I chose is about decentralization, specifically in regards to technology, society, and thought. The article opens on the concept of dectralization, stipulating that it is, 'a characteristic descriptive of power, control, access, or ownership, as they are spread across multiple actors, points, or nodes comprising a network'. I find this article interesting because it opens a discourse about the history of decentralization before the technological era, recounting how decentralization manifested in society back to the age of the industrial civilization. For example, social decentralization emerged as a byproduct of technological advancements; automobiles diminishing dependency on centralized transportation, printing press facilitating wider access to information, etc. 

After exploring the history of decentralization prior to the internet age, the article challenges what the future of decentralization will look like in the world of technology. It talks aboout existing softwares incentivized around decentralization, and why seeing more decentralization in technology would benefit society. Decentralizing technology can benefit user privacy, users' ownership of their own data, and distance the individual from becoming reliant on centralized entities that command & control their data. The most interesting thing to me about this article is how it speculates that how the advancement of blockchain can perhaps someday decentralize *thought*, as collective inteligences would operate on the most trusted levels. It touches upon an example of how a blockchain-voting infrastructure is possible within the polical ethnosphere.

## Comment from Frank Weng 10/4/2021 1:18 PM
I thought that the article explained decentralization from a very interesting perspective. I didn't understand the importance of decentralization until the article compared it to increasing the divisons of power in a society so that no one group has too much control. In the era of technology today, information is power, and it makes sense that no one group should have a monopoly on it.
